
1. Need a perl build system for automated installation of the
   Perl dependencies.

2. Java dependency for minifying javascript is unnecessary.  Plenty of
   CPAN modules can do this easily.  No reason to add more languages
   into the mix than just JavaScript and Perl.

3. All the JBrowse-internal perl modules should be moved into the
   Bio::JBrowse namespace. (lowish-priority)

4. prepare_refseqs.pl memory usage is very high, 1GB when formatting
   the tomato genome.  This could probably be improved.

5. All perl scripts should use POD::Usage for their usage messages.

6. Consider using Config::General (which is Apache-conf-like) or YAML
   as a config file format instead of JSON.  These formats support
   nesting, arrays, etc, and are much more pleasant for humans to read
   and write.

7. Configuration docs need more examples, and at least a little bit of
   graphic design.  The GBrowse configuration docs do a pretty good
   job.

   Tabular key/value/type format of the conf key listing is
   organized, but hard to read.  At least add some cell padding to
   the table.

   Need section headings, also.  It's too hard skim and find what you
   want.

8. flatfile-to-json.pl docs need help.  Need example invocations.
   Command-line help needs reformatting.

9. In flatfile-to-json, using a Bio::DB::SeqFeature::Store with the
  'memory' adapter to essentially parse GFF for you is not the way to
  go.  This is the main source of the horrible memory footprint.  1.1
  GB of RAM just to format the tomato genome gene models.  Just the
  gene models!  It's fewer than 600,000 features.  Suggested remedy is
  to parse the GFF using either Bio::FeatureIO or Bio::GFF3::LowLevel.

10. There are essentially no tests for anything.  The only tests in
    the whole repo are some exploratory javascript tests that have not
    been touched since March 2010.  This is a very serious problem.

11. There are very few developer docs throughout.  Need to have
    comment headers on nearly all methods and functions.  I thought I
    saw some Doxygen-format comments in one of the source files, but I
    don't see a doxygen conf.

12. Lighthouse ticket queue is out of control.  Apparent causes for this:

    a.) lack of ticket management (there are simple tickets that have
        been open for months, for example
        http://jbrowse.lighthouseapp.com/projects/23792/tickets/75-error-in-jsongeneratorpm-division-by-zero)

    b.) Lighthouse's implementation decisions regarding ticket prioritization:
        http://help.lighthouseapp.com/discussions/suggestions/423-priority-on-tickets

        Their non-helpful response is essentially "We have decided
        that you need to pay for this feature", to which my response,
        which I shall not include here, is rather colorful, and very
        much in the negative.

    My suggested remedy is to go through and aggressively clean out
    ticket queue, and then migrate to a different ticketing platform
    with more features.  Either Github's own Issues or the Open
    Bioinformatics Foundation's new Redmine installation come to mind
    as options.  Or even an old-school Trac installation would be
    better.

13. Unless wig2png is really, REALLY speed-sensitive (which I suspect
    is not the case), suggest replacing wig2png with a Perl solution
    using its Perl's GD libraries.  Would obviate the need for the
    autoconf infrastructure, since the task of figuring out how to use
    GD in various situations would be effectively offloaded to the
    maintainers of the Perl's GD libraries. (medium-low priority)

14. Move the jbrowse repo to be under the GMOD org,
    http://github.com/gmod

15. Browser JS class should be renamed to JBrowse or JBrowse.Browser
    to avoid collisions.  This might be rather disruptive, but is very
    much for the best.  And the faster it's done, the better.  Like
    ripping off a band-aid.

# feature density histograms are very nice

16. Need support for zooming from mouse-wheel events.  Unmodified
    mouse wheel event is scrolling up/down through tracks, which is
    probably best, but maybe Shift-MouseWheel should zoom.

17. Default zoom effect speed is a bit slow, might want to speed it up
    a bit.

18. Need a 'Region' pane like GBrowse 2.x.

19. Need GBrowse-like rubberbanding.

20. --autocomplete option to flatfile-to-json needs input validation.
    Does not die on an invalid value.




